# Birdnest-Drone-Monitoring
A solution for Reaktor Groups job application.

The goal of Project Birdnest is to build and deploy a web application that lists all the pilots who have recently violated the no-drone zone (NDZ) around a Monadikuikka nest at a local lake. The NDZ is a 100 meter radius circle centered at position (250000, 250000). The web application should retrieve data on the positions and serial numbers of drones in the area from the monitoring equipment endpoint at "assignments.reaktor.com/birdnest/drones" and use this data to identify violations of the NDZ. It should then use the serial numbers of the violating drones to retrieve the names, email addresses, and phone numbers of the pilots from the national drone registry endpoint at "assignments.reaktor.com/birdnest/pilots/:serialNumber" and display this information to the user. The pilot information should be persisted for 10 minutes after the last sighting of the violating drone. The web application should also display the closest confirmed distance of the violating drone to the nest. The user should not have to manually refresh the view to see up-to-date information, and the application should immediately show the information from the last 10 minutes to anyone opening it. The quality of the code and the functionality of the web application will be the most important factors in evaluating the solution. Visualizing the drone positions may be helpful but is not required.

My implementation of the Web Application was built using a Node.js server with the Express framework serving a static HTML + CSS + JavaScript page for the user. Initially I was about to implement the data storage using Firestore but descided to use a simpler solution instead.
